UNITED STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES FORM A Page 1 of 4 CALENDAR YEAR 2012 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE STATEMENT For use bV Members, officers, and employees				
	William Steve Southerland, II			
	(Full Name)			(Daytime Telephone)
Filer	g Member of the U.S.	State: FL		q Officer Or Employing Office:
Status	House of Representatives * -r Distnct: Two			Employee
Report Type	Annual (May 15) J'	□ Amendment	Termination Date: □ Termination	
HAND
DELIVERED
Mt/
IS PHI2>55
(Office Use Only)
A $200 penalty shall
be assessed against
anyone who flies
more than 30 days
late.
PRELIMINARY INFORMATION - ANSWER EACH OF THESE QUESTIONS
Did you or your spouae hove "earned" Income (e.g., salaries or fees) of $200 I- or more from any source in the reporting period? Yes j | No 0 If yes, complete and attach Schedule 1.	Did you, your spouse, or a dependent child receive any reportable gift In VI. the reporting period (i.e., aggregating more than $390 and not otherwise Yes j~| No ^ exempt)? If yes, complete and attach Schedule VI.
Did any Individual or organization make a donation to charity In lieu of paying If. you for a speech, appearance, or article In the reporting period? Yes [] No g If yes, complete and attach Schedule II.	Did you, your spouse, or a dependent child receive any reportable travel or VII. reimbursements for travel In the reporting period (worth more than $390 Yes l^l No I I from one source)? If yes, complete and attach Schedule VII.
Did you, your spouse, or a dependent child receive "unearned" income of lil- more than $200 In the reporting period or hold any reportable asset worth Yes No 1 1 more than $1,000 at the end of the period? If yes, complete and attach Schedule III.	Did you hold any reportable positions on or before the date of flung in the VIII. current calendar year? Yes [] No R/l If yes, complete and attach Schedule VIII.
Did you, your spouse, or dependent child purchase, sell, or exchange any IV. reportable asset In a transaction exceeding $1,000 during the reporting Yes I I No t/l period? If yes, complete and attach Schedule IV.	Did you have any reportable agreement or arrangement with an outside IX. entity? Yes □ No @ If yes, complete and attach Schedule IX.
Did you, your spouse, ora dependent child have any reportable liability V. {more than $10,000} during the reporting period? Yes g No Q If yes, complete and attach Schedule V.	Each question in this part must be answered and the appropriate schedule attached for each "Yes” response.
IPO and EXCLUSION OF SPOUSE, DEPENDENT, OR TRUST INFORMATION - ANSWER EACH OF THESE QUESTIONS
IPO--	Did you purchase any shares that were allocated as a part of an Initial Public Offering?	Yes □	Nog
T rusts—	Details regarding "Qualified Blind Trusts* approved by the Committee on Ethics and certain other "excepted trusts'' need not be disclosed. Have you excluded from this report details of such a trust benefiting you, your spouse, or dependent child?	Yes □	No0
Exemptions-	Have you excluded from this report any other assets, "unearned9 income, transactions, or liabilities of a spouse or dependent child because they meet all three tests for exemption? Do not answer "yes" unless you have first consulted with the Committee on Ethics.	Yes □	No0
0i
SCHEDULE III - ASSETS AND "UNEARNED" INCOME			Name William Steve Southerland, II			Page 2 of 4	
BLOCKA Asset and/or Income Source Identify (a) each asset held for Investment or production of Income with a fair market value exceeding $1,000 at the end of the reporting period, and (b) any other reportable asset or sources of Income which generated more than $200 In “unearned” income during the year. Provide complete names of stocks and mutual funds (do not use ticker symbols.) For all IRAs and other retirement plans (such as 401 (k) plans) provide the value for each asset held in the account that exceeds the reporting thresholds. For rental or other real property held for Investment, provide a complete address or a description, e.g., “rental property," and a city and state. For an ownership interest in a privately-held business that Is not publicly traded, stale the name of the business, the nature of its activities, and Us geographic location In Block A. Exclude: Your personal residence, Including second homes and vacation homes (unless there was rental Income during the reporting period); any deposits totaling $5,000 or less in a personal checking or saving accounts; and any financial interest In, or income derived from, a federal retirement program, including the Thrift Swings Plan. If you so choose, you may indicate that an asset or Income source is that of your spouse (SP) or dependent child (DC), or Is Jointly held with your spouse (JT), In the optional column on the for left. For a detailed discussion of Schedule III requirements, please refer to the Instruction booklet.		BLOCKB Year-End Value of Asset Indicate value of asset at close of reporting year. If you use a valuation method other than fair market value, please specify the method used. If an asset was sold during the reporting year and Is included only because it generated income, the value should be “None.” * This column is for assets held solely by your spouse or dependent child.		BLOCKC Type of Income Check all columns that apply. For retirement accounts that do not allow you to choose specific investments or that generate tax-deferred income (such as 401 (k) plans or IRAs), you may check the 'None" column. Dividends, Interest, and capital gains, even If reinvested, must be disclosed as Income. Check "None" if the asset generated no income during the reporting period.	BLOCK D Amount of Income For assets for which you checked "Tax-Deferred” in Block C, you may check the “None” column. For all other assets. Indicate the category of Income by checking the appropriate box below. Dividends, Interest, and capital gains, even If reinvested, must be disclosed as income. Check "None” If no income was earned or generated. * This column Is for Income generated by assets held solely by your spouse or dependent child.		BLOCKE Transaction Indicate If asset had purchases (P), sales (S), or exchanges(E) exceeding $1,000 In reporting yew.
JT	528 West Baldwin Road Panama City, FL 32405	$500,001 - $1,000,000		None	NONE		
	Funeral Service Inc. Stock	$1 -$1,000		DIVIDENDS	$1 - $200		
	MaChriste Inc. Stock Funeral Service Business Panama City, Florida	$250,001 - $500,000		None	NONE		
JT	Merrill Lynch Cash Account	$1 -$1,000		INTEREST	$1 -$200		
JT	Trustmark Savings Account Lynn Haven, FL	$1,001 - $15,000		INTEREST	$1 - $200		
0
SCHEDULE V - LIABILITIES
Name William Steve Southerland, II
Page 3 of 4
Report liabilities of over $10,000 owed to any one creditor at any time during the reporting period by you, your spouse, or dependent child. Mark the highest amount owed during the year. Members: Members are required to report all liabilities secured by real property including mortgages on their personal residence. Exclude: Any mortgage on your personal residence (unless it is rented out or you are a Member); loans secured by automobiles, household furniture, or appliances; liabilities of a business in which you own an interest (unless you are personally liable); and liabilities owed to a spouse, or the child, parent, or sibling of you or your spouse. Report revolving charge accounts (i.e., credit cards) only if the balance at the close of the preceding calendar year exceeded $10,000. *This column is for liabilities held solely by your spouse or dependent child.				
SP, DC, JT	Creditor	Date Liability Incurred	Type of Liability	Amount of Liability
JT	Bank of America	August 2007	Mortgage on 528 W. Baldwin Road Panama City, FL 32405	$250,001 - $500,000
JT	Santander	June 2006	Boat	$100,001 - $250,000
JT	Bank of America	October 2005	Mortgage on 900 Kristanna Drive Panama City, FL 32405	$100,001 -$250,000
JT	Trustmark	December 2010	Home Equity	$10,001 -$15,000
0
SCHEDULE VII - TRAVEL PAYMENTS AND REIMBURSEMENTS
Name William Steve Southerland, II
Page 4 of 4
Identify the source and list travel itinerary, dates, and nature of expenses provided for travel and travel-related expenses totaling more than $350 received by you,
your spouse, or a dependent child during the reporting period. Indicate whether a family member accompanied the traveler at the sponsor’s expense, and the
amount of time, if any, that was not at the sponsor's expense. Disclosure is required regardless of whether the expenses were reimbursed or paid directly by the
sponsor. Exclude: Travel-related expenses provided by federal, state, and local governments, or by a foreign govemment required to be separately reported under
the Foreign Gifts and Decorations Act (5 U.S.C § 7342); political travel that is required to be reported under the Federal Election Campaign Act; travel provided to a
spouse or dependent child that Is totally independent of his or her relationship to you.
Source	Date(s)	Point of Departure-- Destination-Point of Return	Lodging? (Y/N)	Food? (Y/N)	Was a Family Member Included? (Y/N)	Days not at sponsor's expense
The Heritage Foundation	Jan. 25-27	Washington DC-Philadelphia, PA-Panama City, FL	Y	Y	N	None
Center for the Constitution at James Madison's Montpelier	July 26-27	Washington DC-Orange, VA- Washington DC	Y	Y	Y	None
Council for National Policy	Aug. 22-23	Panama City, FL-Tampa, FL- Panama City, FL	Y	Y	N	None
0|